We're back!

All Grandkids,  We returned today from our 10-day Senior Citizen outing
to Naples.  In spite of Al Gore's predictions, there weren't any
indications of global warning in Naples.  Most mornings we'd awake to a
45o temp.  It did get up to 70o a few days and Uncle Joe and I went
swimming on 3 days (the rest of our entourage never got their swimsuits
on).  Anyhow, we had lots of good food and fellowship, so the trip was
a success.  On our last day there, we boarded a 3-hour ferry to Key
West.  This wasn't one of those car ferries.  It zoomed thru the choppy
seas at 42 MPH.  Aunts June and Donna got quite sick on the way over
but took a double dose of dramamine on the way home and survived the
3-hour return trip OK.

A curious thing happened two days before we left home.  I was working
at the Thrift Store and while eating my lunch, I glanced thru some
books that had just come in.  One book (THEN SINGS MY SOUL) had 150 of
the world famous hymns.  Each of these hymns was printed on one page
with a story of the author on the page facing it.  I bought the book
and noticed an inscription penned on the inside dated 5/4/04:  "Dear
Stella,  You are a blessing from the Lord to many, including my family.
  May the Lord continue to bless your life as  a channel of the love and
kindness to many.  s/  Bill and Kamsee Jung, Singapore Bible College ".
  I read the book from cover to cover and thoroughly enjoyed it  (I
knew 132 of the 150 hymns).  When I got to the last page I found a
postcard addressed to Stella Kostelyk.  It must have been Joel's
Grandmom who had brought the book to the Thrift Store.  What a pleasant
surprise!

Thanks for listening to my elderly ramblings and thanks for your
prayers for our safety and well-being.  We love each of you dearly. 
Donno and Bops
