Letter "F"

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today is,  Lord , I give thanks that you 
are a Forgiving God.  Lord, I need forgiveness every moment of every 
day.  My words and thoughts and deeds are sinful and fall far short 
of bringing glory to your name (which should be the main goal of 
every day you give me on this earth.)
SNIPPET:  First Noel.  The good Lord has given Donno and I the 
opportunity to enjoy some really great trips.  We've been to Machu 
Picchu in Peru;  on the Great Wall in China;  saw Catherine the 
Great's huge art collection in her Russian Winter Palace;  toured the 
ancient Coliseum in Rome; traced St. Paul's journeys through Greece 
and Turkey;  shopped in the crowded marketplaces in Morocco;  toured 
the caves under the Rock of Gibralter;  and made many trips to Europe 
and Asia.  We marveled  that thousands of years before the compass, 
surveyor equipment, power cranes, et al were invented, ancient 
populations like the crew of King Hezekiah could dig a tunnel through 
the rocky soil under the wall of Jerusalem for over a half mile to 
bring in spring water in the event of and enemy siege;  that the 
ancient Romans could build thousands of miles of chariot roads and 
precisely sloped water viaducts; and the ancient, now extinct 
population of Great Britain could erect that fabulous Stone Henge! 
But, especially at this time of the year, I keep recalling our most 
memorable sight.  It was on a two week trip that Uncle Barry led in 
1988......the starlit hills around the town of Bethlehem.  Many 
Biblical sights in Israel are too "commercialized".  But these barren 
hills are just as they were 2,000 years ago when the shepherds looked 
up and watched in awe as the Angels sang that first noel.  The song, 
"I walked today where Jesus walked," kept going through my head.  I 
can still get goosebumps on the back of my neck when I think of those 
Bethlehem hills.

MERRY CHRISTMAS!  With all my love,  Boppa
