Ps.13

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 13 ..... Look on us, 
O Lord, and answer our prayers.  Thank you Lord for your love, your 
goodness, and your faithfulness to us.
SNIPPET:  Nudist Colony.  One hot summer afternoon in August, Donno, 
Aunts June & Dorothy plus Uncle Chuck and I were all sitting on the 
beach in our swimsuits.  Chuck owned a Jeep at that time and asked if 
we'd like to go for a ride in the woods on the snowmobile trails.  Of 
course we all agreed and took off.  After about 20 or 30 minutes of 
driving down these snake trails, we came to the SILVER LAKE RESORT 
enclosed by a 6 foot high wooden fence.  Chuck stopped the Jeep and 
said that this was a nudist colony.  Just then, the owner opened the 
gate and asked Chuck and I if we would help him move his newly 
purchased hot water tank into the Swimming Pool area.  Meanwhile, the 
girls got out of the back of the jeep and began talking to this woman 
who was stark naked.  She was about 40 years of age and had boobs 
that were at least a size 38C (Donno's estimate).  Anyhow, they were 
calmly talking to her like someone  you'd run into as you left a 
church service.  After we wrestled that water tank in, I asked the 
owner if I could take a dip in the pool.  He gave the OK so I jumped 
in.  The nudist gal told our girls that I must have removed my trunks 
since it was forbidden to swim with a bathing suit on.  Donno said, 
"I'll bet you all the tea in China that John has his suit on!"
And, of course, Donno was right.  Love, Boppa
