Letter "P"

Hi Grandkids,  Here's my prayer for today ..... Lord, I praise you 
for you are eternal.  You are incomprehensible, infinite, 
unchangeable, almighty, completely wise, just and good, and the 
source of all good.
Letter P:  Preserving History.  In late April, 1945, the war in 
Europe was drawing to a close.  Our 10th Armored Division was closing 
in on the town of Oberammergau, in Germany's Bavarian Alps.  A German 
vehicle approached our Battalion and a civilian was waving a white 
flag.  He said he was the Burgermeister (Mayor) of Oberammergau and 
the SS Battalion in his town planned to fight house to house and not 
surrender the town.  He asked that one of us go back with him to try 
to dissuade the S.S. Commandant.  Our Major Hankins said, "No way. 
You tell that **##!!* Commandant that we'll level that town with 
artillery and an air strike."  Then our Major went back to his 
headquarters and my Captain, Max Schonberg (from New York  City) said 
to us,  "Oberammergau is an Historoic Icon.  Ever since God spared 
them from the plague in the 16th century, the town is famous for 
putting on the Passion Play every ten years."  We 20-year old 
Lieutenants didn't know this historic stuff, but Max said he was 
going back with the Mayor.  We tried to talk him out of it because he 
had such a Jewish nose we thought the S.S. would shoot him on sight. 
Anyhow, he went back with the Mayor and he convinced the S,S, to pull 
back.  We rolled through the town a few hours later and the citizens 
were throwing flowers on our jeeps and half-track vehicles.  One sad 
note, however, my good buddy, Lt. Toliver, who was in the lead 
vehicle got killed as we met the S.S. around the bend on the other 
side of the town.
Love, Boppa
