Letter "W"

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer for today is ....  Lord, I thank you for 
your holy and divine Word.  Your inspired Word brings glory to your 
name and guidance for all of us.
SNIPPET W.P.A.  In order to bring some relief to unemployment during 
the Great Depression, President Franklin Roosevelt established a 
federal agency in 1935 called the W.P.A. (Works Progress 
Administration).  Our farm was one of four 10-acre truck gardens that 
stretched along 99th Street between Central Park and Crawford 
Avenues.  Just north of these farms was a large prairie, one-half 
mile long and three blocks deep.  The Government speculated that 
someday this prairie would become a real estate development.  So the 
W.P.A. moved in with Surveyors and cement mixers (this was 15 years 
before redimix) and the crews laid out and poured over nine miles of 
sidewalks.  I had a pair of clamp-on roller skates that I inherited 
from my older brothers and when I'd get a few hours off from my farm 
chores after school in the spring and fall, I'd be out in that 
prairie.  I made a large strong kite, about 2 X 4 feet, and equipped 
with a couple of handles and would zoom down those newly poured 
sidewalks when the wind was right.  One winter, the prairie across 
the street flooded and froze and that gave me the opportunity to have 
the same fun with my kite and ice skates.  The skates were an old 
pair of my brother Frank, who was 15 years older.  They had old rags 
stuffed in the toes since they were 4 or 5 sizes too big.    Love, 
Boppa
