Letter "J"

Hi Grandkids,  Here's my prayer for today .......... Lord, one of the 
first songs we learn as children is still the most profound truth in 
the closing years of our lives,  "Jesus loves me this I know, for the 
Bible tells me so."
SNIPPET:  Justice of the Peace.  Most rural towns or townships have a 
Justice of the Peace.  They are mostly used to perform marriages, 
issue various local licenses, and conduct small-time trials.  One 
beautiful, September week about 50 years ago, Donno and I took a few 
days off to travel to Wisconsin with our friends Bob and Tootie 
Drenth.  We had taken our fishing gear along, and when we came up to 
a private lake we decided to try our luck.  The lake was completely 
surrounded by the owner's farm and we had to stop by the farmhouse to 
pay a fishing fee.  All four of us had been fishing for about 20 minutes
(without a bite) when the County Game Warden drove up and asked to 
see our fishing license.  We explained that we didn't think a license 
was required since we had to pay to fish on this private lake.  He 
said that we were mistaken.  Since the lake was fed by a stream that 
originated beyond the private property.
He was so "big hearted' however that he said he'd not arrest the 
women, but we all ha to follow him to the courthouse. He had called 
ahed and this elderly, female Justice of the Peace came in and donned 
her robe.  She fined us $80 each (I think at that time my salary was 
$75 per week).  Obviously the whole
thing was a setup to increase the Township's coffers, and it sure 
spoiled our vacation.  Love, Boppa
