Ps.4

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today comes from Psalm 4 .....  Father, we 
praise you for you have filled our hearts with great joy.  Let the 
light of your face shine upon us oh Lord.
SNIPPET 4:  Broken bones.  One warm summer May evening about 20 years 
ago, Donno and I brought supper to share with Grandma Great.  I also 
brought my tree saw and when we finished supper went out to cut down 
a large branch that was threatening the back of her house.  I had to 
stand on the top of her 6-foot ladder (not a good idea) and saw 
through a branch that was about 6 to 8 inches in diameter.  Just as I 
decided to climb down and throw a rope over the end of the branch, it 
started to crack.  I hung on, the ladder fell, and I was dangling 
about six feet above the ground. It had rained the night before and I 
thought the ground would be soft enough to jump.  Unfortunately, my 
heel landed on the fallen ladder and an Xray showed that it had 
shattered into about a dozen pieces.  I was on crutches for several 
months.  About 5 or 6 weeks after my mishap, Donno and I flew out to 
Los Angeles to attend the Douma's 50th Anniversary.  I was wearing 
this hugh plaster cast so the Airline put us in some unoccupied first-
class seats.  When we attended the Johnny Carson TV show, the usher 
sat us in the first row so I could prop my big cast on the ledge.  A 
few days later, we drove out to Venice Beach where all the weirdos 
practice their sideshow acts.  Donno and her sisters left me sitting 
on a folding chair with my cast propped up on our cooler and they 
walked further down the beach.  While they were gone, this performer 
started a small, powered chain saw and juggled it with two bowling 
pins while riding around on a unicycle!  To get more crowd reaction, 
he'd pedal around me while doing his act.  I had visions of my skull 
in more pieces than my heel. But luckily, he didn't make a slip.     
Love, Boppa
