Letter "K"

Hi Grandkids,  Here's my prayer for today ........  Lord, I thank you 
for your promise to KEEP me in the hollow of your hand and away from 
all harm and danger.
I also pray for the safekeeping of our military personnel who risk 
their lives to defend our many freedoms.
SNIPPET "K":  Klutz musician ... when I was 8 or 9 years old, I began 
taking piano lessons from my cousin, Wynn DeRoos.  She was our Church 
Organist and a gifted piano teacher.  After about 5 or 6 lessons I 
had to quit.  There was no way I could play differently with each 
hand.  I simply didn't have the coordination to do that.  At about 
the age of 40, I bought a second-hand guitar for $10, reversed the 
strings so l could play it left handed, learned chords in the keys of
C and G. and began strumming.  I then accompanied a group from our 
church who sang at the Crestwood Convalescent Home one Sunday each 
month (I, of course, picked out songs in C & G).  I also played for 
Sunday School and the Friendship Club.  I never mastered playing 
melody or do the fancy "picking" that Dan and Wally are so good at. 
I've always enjoyed Violin Solos, so I bought a second-hand violin 
and tried to teach myself.  After a few months, the moaning from 
Donno and the girls was louder than my practice output, so I had to 
quit. I guess God's gift to me is music APPRECIATION (not PERFORMANCE).
Love, Boppa
