Ps.16

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today is from Psalm 17 ...  Lord, we thank 
you for supplying all the needs of those who love you.  Help us Lord 
to hold our steps on your path.
SNIPPET:  The Rosier Birds.  Yesterday I bought an 8-lb bag of 
Thistle Seed (at a cost of $18) to feed our Finches.  These tiny 
birds stay all winter and are very fussy diners.  They will only eat 
pure thistle seed, so I indulge their preferences.  I wasn't always 
such a bird lover.  When we first built our home in Evergreen Park, I 
planted two 8-foot Elm trees on the south side of our house.  After a 
few years they became full-grown, bushy trees about twenty-some feet 
high.  Then a strange thing occurred.  Every summer, about the middle 
of July, a huge flock of Starlings adopted our trees.  They'd fly in 
at about 7:00 PM each night and roost in our two trees (ignoring our 
huge trees in the front and back yards).  Our neighbors would watch 
and say, "Here come the Rosier birds!"  All night long, white bird 
poop would shower down on our lawn and the side of our house.  I 
can't recall how long we put up with this invasion but I do know I 
tried a lot of gimmicks to get rid of those pesky birds.  At first I 
bought some used pots and pans and tied them up in the branches .... 
to no avail.  I bought an air rifle and would shoot BB's up into the 
flock.  The birds would fly out, circle around once or twice, and 
come back to roost.  I even bought a couple of radio speakers and 
hooked them up very high in each tree.  Then I'd play loud music from 
a Hard Rock FM station.  This seemed to disturb them for a few 
nights, but guess what!  They could sleep and poop all night with 
that blaring music.  I don't remember how many years we hosted the 
"Rosier Birds",  but one year they just never arrived.  I guess it 
made me so grateful that I now share my largess with those little 
yellow Finches.    Love, Boppa
