Letter "V"

Hi Grandkids,  Here's my prayer for today ....  Lord, I love to hear 
and sing that old hymn, "Victory in Jesus, My Savior forever."  Thank 
you for giving us that victory through the death and resurrection of 
our Savior!
SNIPPET:  Volunteering.  Nowadays, when we finish dinner and collapse 
in our easy chairs in front of the TV, Donno and I wonder where we 
ever got the energy to go to so many evening meetings in our younger 
years.  My secret for staying awake in meetings was to take a 20-
minute nap when I got home from Swift.  There were meetings of 
Calvinettes and Cadets, Sunday School Teachers, Friendship Club, 
Bible League, and so many Boards.  My longest tenures were 27 years 
on the Bible League Board and 24 years as a Friendship Club Tutor. 
Interspersed and added to those were many years of serving as Elder, 
Deacon, and Board Member of Trinity College, Christian High, 
Southwest and Roseland Elementary Schools.  After retiring 25 years 
ago, it's been Meals on Wheels, Bibles for Missions Thrift Center, 
P.A.D.S. Homeless Shelter, and grading Crossroad Prisoner Bible 
Lessons.  Somehow, all of those meetings make each night's roost 
before the TV a rich reward for which we give thanks.
Love, Donno and Boppa

P.S.  I gassed up my 4-cylinder Subaru this morning at a cost of 
$61.80.  I thought back to my teenage years when gasoline usually 
sold for about 20 cents a gallon and then the stations would have 
price wars and promote their brand at 8 gallons for S1.00!
