Letter "H"

Hi Grandkids!  My prayer for today:  Triune God, I am so grateful 
for your promise that the Holy Spirit will dwell in my heart 
forever!  Thank you that He is always present to hear my prayers and 
to guide me.  Make me eager to have the Holy Spirit take control of 
my life.
SNIPPET H:  Handicapped.  Ever since Liz Wolff was born in 1965, our 
family has reserved a special niche in our hearts for the handicapped 
individuals in God's creation.  Our Church started a Friendship Club 
for the neighborhood Handicapped back in 1986, the year I retired. 
Donno was recruited as a Tutor and about 3 weeks later, I attended 
their weekly meeting to view a film that was being shown.  A new kid 
made his appearance and I was immediately "drafted" to be hisTutor. 
Brian Coughlin was a Down Syndrome young man of about 22 years of age 
who was also legally blind and a Diabetic.  But, guess what, he was 
blessed with a great attitude......every challenge that came his way 
was "a piece of cake!".  Donno and I retired from tutoring in 
Friendship in 2009.  I had Brian as a student for 23 years.  His 
Father had passed way before I met Brian and during the years I 
tutored him he lost his mother and his only brother.  He lives with 
his unmarried sister who is about 50.  I was shocked when Brian had a 
serious stroke a few month ago.  I was happy when he recognized me on 
my visit to Christ Hospital and said "John!"  I'm praying that he has 
a full recovery and can return to the Park Lawn Workshop. 
Communication would be pretty tough for his sister Jeanine since he 
can't read of write.    Love  Boppa
