Ps.15

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer today is from Psalm 15 ..... Lord, we pray 
that you will allow us a walk that is blameless in your sight and to 
do that which is righteous.
SNIPPET:  Cubs Game.  I wrote earlier about the large plaster cast I 
needed for my shattered heel.  The reason for that was to accommodate 
a long 1/4 " bolt that the surgeon anchored into a hole drilled 
through the rearmost piece of my heel bone and held back by the 
plaster cast.  One sunny day in July, the Doctor said it was time to 
remove the cast and the bolt.  After sawing off the cast, he returned 
with a huge pliers- like gripper and started yanking on the bolt. 
After a couple of hard tugs, the Nurse joined Donno outside the room 
because she thought it was too gruesome to watch.  Anyhow, after the 
bolt was finally out, the Doctor asked if I wanted a Chicago Bears, 
Cubs, or White Sox fiberglass cast.  I told him "Cubs" since we were 
going to a Cubs game that afternoon with Aunt Ann and Uncle Frank. 
We parked across from Wrigley Field in a pay lot so I didn't have far 
to go on my crutches.  I decided to visit the men's room before 
climbing the cement stairway to our reserved seats.  The floor of the 
restroom was slippery with urine and my crutches flew out from under 
me.  I fell on the back of my size 7 1/2 head and was sort of dazed 
so it took me a while to get up and make my exit.  Donno was getting 
worried and about to send Uncle Frank in to see what happened.  We 
made it through the game without further incident.  I don't remember 
if the Cubs won or lost.  I just know they didn't make it to the 
playoffs that year (what else is new???)      Love, Boppa
