Letter "I"

Hi Grandkids,  My prayer for today is ......... Lord the words of 
this old hymn are so true, "It was not I who found my Savior, true. 
No I was found by Thee."
Thank you, Lord, for finding me and thank you for your grace in 
saving me.
SNIPPET "I":  Intelligence Quotient.  I think a person's IQ is a 
misnomer.  A person should have a TQ (Test Quotient).  My IQ is 156 
but I don't consider myself that intelligent, it's just that God has 
given me the ability to do well on taking tests.  Anyhow, the Army 
really had no good way of organizing recruits other than by one's 
IQ.  Since mine was the highest at Camp Grant where I entered the 
Army, they named me the Cadet Commander of a six-car train segment 
which was to transport our Illinois recruits to Camp Callan, 
California (near San Diego).  There was a 2nd Lieutenant from the 
Transportation Corps aboard and he and I were the only two who knew 
our destination and that it would take 5 days to complete our trip 
(our six cars would sometimes sit in a siding for 8 or 10 hours and 
then be hooked up to another train).  That was important since  I had 
to tell each of the six Cadet Car Commanders to instruct the GI's on 
their car not to tip the Porters and Dining Car Waiters until the end 
of the trip.  It's unbelievable how hush-hush every troop movement 
was during WW II.  My Calumet ROTC training came in handy since I was 
named the Cadet Commander of our Battalion for the 17-week training 
period.  Thirty-two years later, at  the age of 50, I wanted to see 
if my test-taking skill had diminished, so I gave $15 to the Mensa 
Association to take the IQ test.  Guess what .... it was again 
exactly 156!  And. once again I've gotten older but not smarter.  But 
I have gotten richer by having all of you Grandkids and Great Grandkids.
Love,  Boppa
