Christmas Decorations

Hi!  The weeks go by so fast!!!  A week ago today, Kim, Deb, Lucy, 
Adam & Jon were all helping to put away our decorations in the 
attic.  Today the temp went up to 40o F, so I hauled in the large 
wreath on the front picture window.
As I was doing that, I thought, "How many more years will I have the 
privilege  of doing this?"  That's not a maudlin thought ...... I'm 
sure it was prompted by the four Marist High School kids I had just 
met at our Jewel Store.  They asked if they could interview me on 
video as part of a class project.  I told them I was kind of in a 
hurry, but since they said it was only two questions, I agreed.  So, 
the video started rolling and the girl asked me,  "What is true 
love?"  I told them it was when God gives someone like me the 
privilege of celebrating over 62 years of living with and loving the 
same gal and hoping and praying it will continue for a long time. 
Then, this freckled, blushing, red-headed boy asked his question so 
softly, I had to ask him to repeat it.  He said, "Does sex have a 
meaning?"  I told them, yes, it's a wonderful gift that God has given 
married couples, ever since Adam and Eve (I know that's not 
politically correct).  And, it doesn't just stop with the miracle of 
producing great off springs like Wally V and Grady, it's God's gift 
for expressing one's love for his or her spouse.  Love, Boppa
